[Ok Taec-yeon]
[Kim Hye-yoon]
[This program includes
indirect advertisements.]
[Secret Royal Inspector Joy]
[All characters,
organizations, locations,]
[and events in this drama are fictitious.]
[Episode 15: Gwijeong]
[Being back on the right path]
You will hurt yourself!
-Dad!
-You will get hurt, my son.
Dad,
I am in total bliss.
I am too if you are.
[Could I be...]
[at Lord Park Seung's residence?]
Here is your pay.
Oh, right.
Thank you.
My, you did an excellent job.
Could you finish
our young master's clothes soon too?
Of course.
Gosh, my stomach hurts.
My apologies,
but I am feeling nature's calls.
May I quickly use your outhouse?
The outhouse?
My gosh,
I suddenly have a bad stomachache.
It is over there. Be quick.
I will. Thank you.
No! It did not turn over.
-Darn it. It did not work.
-Nice.
-No! That was close.
-Let me show you how it is done.
-My turn.
-No!
-This has got to work!
-My gosh!
[The evidence
Lord Yi-eon risked his life to find...]
Darn it. Why can I not flip it over?
Oh, no! It did not flip.
-You cannot flip mine over.
-Why is this so hard?
♫ All sorts of birds fly over ♫
♫ The phoenix ♫
-♫ Is the king of all birds ♫
[-Hang on. Are they drunk?]
-♫ Cuckoo ♫
[The Chief State Councilor of this country
has completely let himself go.]
-Father.
-Yes?
You know, it is awfully boring
to be stuck at home.
I said you were ill
and paid a hefty bribe to get you out.
It would make me look bad
if you were out and about so soon.
Father, then what about my villa?
-What?
-I want to see it.
Well, it would be nice
to get some fresh air anyway.
Shall we go take a look around?
My gosh! Can we do that?
Yes, of course! Anything you want, son.
We can do anything!
My lord.
Your new socks are ready.
Okay, good.
Go away!
Let me see.
Let me have a look.
Oh, my!
Look at this lovely curve.
They fit me perfectly.
[Oh? What is that?]
[What is it]
[that he keeps it on him at all times?]
[It is a letter.]
You.
♫ Cuckoo, chirp ♫
I suggest you take as little as possible.
It is a completely different place.
Most of what you take
will become trash anyway.
Trash or not, it is for us to take.
I do not appreciate your nagging.
Have you found a boat yet?
Arrive at the port by noon
on the last day of the month,
and Yoon, one of Gokdu's messengers,
will be waiting for you.
Just follow Yoon's instructions.
Thank you for keeping your word.
And I would like to thank you
for not kicking me out.
I am sure you are prepared,
but even if you manage to get there,
it will not be easy to settle down there.
I am aware,
but we cannot just get used
to being persecuted here.
How about you use that grit and hold out?
Hold out?
Do you think
this country will change
if we just "hold out"?
You should leave
if you absolutely despise this place.
What can you do?
So you have decided to voluntarily go
to the Office of Special Justice?
That lunatic, Tae-seo, thinks we should.
If you turn yourself in,
it will put you in a good light,
so you could hope for a lighter sentence.
You can say that
because you did not harm anyone.
But in my case, it is different.
I cannot wish for a lighter sentence.
All I am hoping is that
our confession will help reveal
who Park Seung really is.
That shall be our last act of remorse.
As long as you are prepared
for what is to come.
Actually, there is something
I always wanted to ask.
Why are you so devoted?
The women and slaves here... Who are they?
They are
just like you and me.
They are not just women or slaves.
Everyone has a right to live,
and we simply joined forces
to protect that right.
It is not out of devotion.
Han-ki, we should leave.
I must go.
I truly hope you achieve all your goals.
-I am late.
-That is okay.
Thank you for coming.
Is something wrong?
It is not the deadline yet.
As I mentioned last time,
we have decided to leave this place.
I cannot thank you enough
for your help and support thus far,
and I apologize for
not being able to keep this place going.
You need not apologize to me.
I am just the messenger.
I do not know when and if
I can meet you again once I leave,
so I must ask a favor of you.
The person who has been
sponsoring us so far.
Could you please tell me who it is?
You promised not to ask.
I understand that
we are on the receiving end,
but it does not mean we have no shame.
Once we leave,
we may not get to set foot
on this land ever again.
Your initial supporter
was the late Crown Prince.
He felt sorry for the women
who had returned
for they were banished yet again,
so he wished to help them.
However,
it has been a long time
since the Crown Prince passed away.
After the Crown Prince's passing,
a man you could call his sworn brother
took on his will
and continued to support you.
May I ask who he is?
Who is he?
In the Office of Special Counselors...
[Lord Ra Yi-eon.]
[He is Junior Sixth Counselor Ra
of the Office of Special Counselors.]
They met while he was dispatched
to Chungcheong Province
as a secret royal inspector.
And I believe he still keeps her close.
Bi-ryeong, hey!
What is it?
-The socks.
-What?
The socks I had made
were for Lord Park Seung.
So you were at
Lord Park Seung's residence?
What?
You paid a visit
to Lord Park Seung's house?
Yes.
That means the one who asked
for a pocket near the sock cuff
was Lord Park Seung, right?
Yes. I saw him change
into the socks I made,
and he slipped a letter inside
to carry around with him.
It must be a really important letter
to have to carry it around with him.
By the way, this straw shoe.
Why is only this part different?
What?
What is this?
Goodness.
This...
It is the ingredients
of the herbal decoction.
Musk, 1.5 don.
Radix sophorae flavescentis, 2 don.
[Gwang-soon,
my prescription was never wrong.]
I put in
the exact amount of angelica roots
and aconite...
My father...
left the ingredients
of the herbal decoction as evidence.
To inform that the crown prince
was poisoned.
Do-soo!
You should not take it!
Why not? I had these before.
These are poppy capsules
partially made with aconite.
Aconite?
I had them ordered specially for the king.
So...
have these instead.
If it is for the king...
It is about time
His Majesty joins the Crown Prince.
Anyway, these have aconite in them,
so do not touch them. All right?
Yes, understood.
I would have come home much earlier
if only I had not lost my way.
Why did I make the wrong turn?
Goodness.
[Park Seung]
[I am sure he was described
as a stylish man.]
Pardon the intrusion.
Who may you be?
Are you Lord Ra Yi-eon?
I am.
Lord Yi-eon, how was your trip?
Gosh, your clothes are a mess.
So, have you looked
into the abscess specialist?
Well...
-Who is she?
-My lord!
Who are you?
The abscess specialist turns out to be
Gwang-soon's father.
Welcome back, Lord Yi-eon.
Listen. At Lord Park Seung's house...
Mother?
-Mother?
Mom?
Your mother-in-law?
Jo-yi's mother?
Yes.
So to summarize,
you are Jo-yi's mother,
your patron was His Royal Highness
while the daughter of His Majesty's
abscess specialist is you.
And next to you is Bi-ryeong
whose older brother and younger siblings
are with you.
Now, I am your patron,
and next to me is Jo-yi,
next to her is Goo-pal,
next to him is Yuk-chil,
next to him is Gwang-soon.
Her father used
to serve His Royal Highness,
and His Royal Highness
was like an older brother to me.
But he was also your patron,
and at the same time,
you are Jo-yi's mother
so to me, you are...
Stop, Young Master!
Okay, got it.
Right. Anyway,
They say things in life
are fated by our previous lives.
So we must have a special fate
to have gathered here together.
Gosh, what a fate, right?
That means we were meant to be.
All of us here must repay
for His Royal Highness's kindness.
It is the will of the sky
that we have gathered today.
And that is to punish Park Seung,
the mastermind behind all these incidents.
This is the letter Park Seung wrote after
he threatened the abscess specialist
to keep the fact that he poisoned
the Crown Prince a secret.
[In exchange for your silence regarding]
[all that you saw and heard
at the new Medicines Department]
[as well as your cooperation
delivering the herbal decoction]
[served to the Crown Prince,
I hereby promise that I will not threaten]
[the life of your daughter Ra Gwang-soon.]
Unfortunately, this letter has become
your father's will,
but he did everything
to protect you, his daughter.
I had no idea.
Rather, I thought he had thrown me away,
so I resented him deeply.
But it was all to protect me.
This is my father's keepsake.
What is it?
It is the ingredients that went into
the Crown Prince's herbal decoction.
Father must have left it as evidence
that the Crown Prince was poisoned.
The letter with Park Seung's stamp,
the list of herbal decoction ingredients
with the abscess specialist's stamp,
and Park Tae-seo's confession,
though we must wait and see
if he will keep his promise.
With all that...
He will keep it.
I saw them make up their mind
in Ganghwa Island.
By now, Park Tae-seo, Ji Maeng-soo,
and Kang Han-ki
would have arrived at Hanyang.
-Look.
-Dad, is this really all ours?
Yes, this is all yours.
-Be careful my boy.
-Come on.
All right. I'm coming.
Goodness. I am as joyful as you are.
It is even better than I thought.
What about this could be bringing you joy?
Everything.
But most of all, I appreciate the fact
that we are out here together.
Goodness, my sweet boy.
My precious son.
Of course.
I am thrilled to be out with you as well.
-Shall we?
-Absolutely.
There is no need to feel guilty.
I have not been able
to get Mal-jong off my mind either.
Likewise.
Others would not accept me
because of my gender,
but you did.
That is when I promised myself
that I would drink poison
if you ordered me to.
Hey, Maeng-soo.
What do you think you will be reborn as?
A tiger, of course.
As if that would ever happen.
-A cat could be in your cards though.
-Seriously?
It suits you better, you know.
Just a second.
I will catch up with you later.
-Do-soo.
-Dad!
Slow down, will you?
Goodness.
Do-soo.
Gosh, my boy.
Watch your step!
Mother.
No matter what others say,
you will always be my mother.
You may think that
a four-year-old would remember nothing,
but that is not the case.
I remember how fond of me you were.
And...
I know it was true love.
Wherever you may be,
I will wish you good health.
Tae-seo!
It must really be my lucky day today.
Fancy seeing you here.
Do-soo...
Do-soo, you...
Do-soo?
Time was of the essence, Dad.
He could run away again.
Father...
Let us go.
We should grab a bite to eat.
Tae-seo is gone,
and there is no one left to confess.
Talk about a perfect day.
Kill the others as well.
[Why did I even bother
to go to great lengths?]
[The reason is lost on me now.]
[It is a hat strap
with our family's seal.]
Son?
Yes,
Father.
[The smile you wore that day.]
[I wish to believe
that it came from your heart.]
Good job, everyone.
You should all go home
and get the rest you reserve.
-Good night, my lord.
-We will see you tomorrow.
-Have a good night.
-You too.
All this time,
I have been letting
Left Wing Guard support us.
I only just found out
who our benefactor is.
Forgive me
for the belated words of gratitude.
This is highly unnecessary.
I was only following in the footsteps
of the late Crown Prince.
I feel guilty for not knowing about
your situation until it was too late.
You should come home with us. We can--
That is not necessary.
I can stay at a tavern.
My goodness.
When your daughter lives so close by?
Come with us, ma'am.
-Let us escort you.
-Goodness.
It is dark, so please watch your step.
I will get going as well.
Jo-yi,
could you wait a few moments?
What...
I would love nothing more
than to cook for her,
but you should do it since
it could make her feel uncomfortable.
These are homemade dried acorn jelly,
so enjoy it as a salad.
I am grateful, my lord.
I will get going then.
-Mother!
-Add crown daisies to the salad...
You will enjoy the aroma.
[Mother, dinner will soon be served,]
[so take a look around my room.]
These are the only clean ones we have.
Thank you. They are more than enough.
The fire was added a few moments ago,
so the floor will heat up soon.
Jo-yi must have gotten
her crafting skills from you.
There is nothing she cannot do.
She is good at sewing
and does laundry well
due to having strong arms.
She throws quite the punch as well.
Then you are right.
I pack a heavy punch myself.
All right.
Here we go, everyone.
I made a stew
with the mushrooms Lord Yi-eon gave us.
-I am famished.
-Eat up.
Oh, Lord Yi-eon made
this dried acorn jelly.
Try it.
He made acorn jelly himself?
Oh, this is nothing.
He is a better cook
than most women I know.
Lord Yi-eon really made this himself
from scratch?
This is not the only thing he is good at.
He is a man of many talents.
Good for you, Jo-yi.
Well, the tall one is my dear Yuk-chil.
He also has many skills of his own.
My dear Yuk-chil?
The same goes for my dear Goo-pal...
Too late. Right?
She said it a moment too late.
My goodness.
Hey, this dried acorn jelly is very good.
It is, indeed.
[My gosh. Will you keep still?]
[I said, you do not need to do this.]
[I want to do this for you.]
[My goodness.]
[There, it is done.]
Your feet...
They say applying sponge gourd juice
can help turn rough skin smooth.
But I may not find them
as they are not in season now.
Tomorrow, I will buy some honey
to use instead.
It is only natural for the skin
to get rough with age.
Do not fret.
Come here. Let me brush your hair.
This comb... Where did you get it?
Does this belong to the girl
named Bi-ryeong?
Oh, this. It is not Bi-ryeong's.
Well, it is a long story.
Bi-ryeong and Bo-ri look so much alike
that even I get confused sometimes.
Anyway, it is not from Bi-ryeong.
My friend, Bo-ri, gave it to me
back when I lived in Gyehwa Valley.
Bo-ri?
Why do you ask?
[You always used that broken comb,
but this is new.]
A lady gave it to me earlier.
That reminds me, she was looking for you.
Me?
She asked where your house was,
so I told her. Did she not drop by?
Then... Did you...
You came to Gyehwa Valley.
You came to see me.
They say nothing in life is a coincidence.
Such occurrences form layers and lead you
to where you should be in life.
Even this comb had a purpose.
Let me comb your hair.
All right.
How lovely.
[Mother. Today, I got to eat with you]
[and make you new clothes.]
[You combed my hair too.]
[It was like a dream.]
[I never thought this day would come.]
[I kept thinking of when I was younger.]
[-Me too.
-By the way,]
[the dried acorn jelly was so good,
was it not?]
[-Yes, it was very delicious.
-Right?]
Oh, who might you be?
Is Yoo Deok-bong here by any chance?
Right, yes.
Mother, someone is here to see you.
What brings you all the way here?
Tail Island... Our island...
Park Seung has taken over the island.
What about the children? And Ba-hoe?
What about Dae-ki and the other women?
Dae-ki managed to get away with the kids.
But Ba-hoe...
Ba-hoe is...
They are not on any family register.
Take them all.
-No...
-Darn you!
Mother.
Park Tae-seo was killed?
He was on his way to the port
with his friends to turn himself in,
but Park Seung and his son
came to Ganghwa Island and killed them.
She saw it happen.
How could someone be so evil?
He may be an illegitimate son,
but he is still his child!
No.
Tae-seo is his legitimate son, not Do-soo.
I swapped them as babies.
I am aware that this may cost me my life,
but I must see
that scoundrel, Park Seung, die.
I will do anything.
Hence, I am determined
to bring Park Seung down.
Please allow us to help you,
so he gets the punishment he deserves.
You are such a good eater.
-Good boy.
[-We have the same goal.]
[Taking Park Seung down.]
However, Park Seung even managed
to get out of the interrogation.
If we go after him with only his letter
and the physician's list of ingredients
for the herbal decoction
without Park Tae-seo's confession,
it may backfire on us.
Did you say that you saw Park Seung
put a letter in his sock?
Yes. There was definitely
a letter in the sock.
I must find out what it says.
But according to his servants...
Apparently, he keeps his socks on
even when he goes to sleep.
[Well, he must wash his feet.]
[Does he not even visit a kisaeng house?]
No, never. He claims that he is not well
and does not even go to work
[Chingbyeonghyujik: Sick leave]
these days.
Here. Open wide.
Eat slowly.
[He is busy caring for Park Do-soo,
so he rarely leaves home.]
He does leave the house once in a while,
but that is to go to Banchon
to visit the butcher shop.
[Hyeonbang: Butcher shop]
That is right.
My lord, I saw Lord Park Seung
buy something called "poppy capsules"
at the butcher's.
Poppy capsules?
Yes. That is what I heard him say.
It is an anesthetic tablet given to cows
before slaughter to dull the pain.
That is why butchers have them.
It is also a hallucinogenic drug.
You see things when you take them.
You see things...
Oh, then how about we do this?
Gather round.
Would that work?
Whether it does or not,
we must try and find out.
-Let us try!
Very well. Then I shall
find a way
to get an audience with His Majesty.
If you get the letter,
I will go to the Palace
with the evidence we have
and get an arrest warrant on Park Seung.
If you manage to arrest him,
we will put together a plan
to take him down for good.
Very well.
Let us get to work.
-Yes, my lord!
-Become tasty!
-Become thicker!
Please make sure His Majesty
gets a taste of this injeolmi I made.
I am sure he will ask for me.
And when he does, I will visit him myself.
Understood.
Got you!
Dad!
You scared me!
Come with me.
Dad!
Gwang-soon, be careful!
Just a little bit more.
-Up you go.
-Goodness.
I almost died.
And I was going to follow you.
Let us go!
Dad!
Do-soo! What is wrong?
Ghosts! I saw ghosts outside!
My hat flew around and...
Gosh, my baby boy.
What are you going on about?
From the well,
a grim reaper...
This is all because
you have a weak body and mind.
Let us call over a doctor
to make you some herbal decoction.
Come now.
Do-soo. Do-soo?
Do-soo? Do-soo!
Do-soo!
Oh, no.
Do-soo, here.
Do-soo, get a grip.
Do-soo. Do-soo!
What has become of my smart Do-soo
who flipped over in just three months?
Goodness.
It is just like the rumors.
Your skills are impeccable!
Young Master will love it.
Here is the payment.
Thank you.
By any chance, will you not order more?
If you do, I will make a vest for you
while I am at it.
That will be on me.
Then how about a coat for Young Master?
Sure, I will make it in no time.
-Ancestors,
-How beautiful.
-please help Do-soo.
-I do not know how you made this.
Goodness.
Come to think of it,
I ran into a monk in front of this house,
and guess what nonsense he spouted.
That a son ghost has possessed this place.
He said a son who died with a grudge
is wandering around this area.
But is that not ridiculous?
There is only one Young Master
in this house, no?
Actually, there is a child of a concubine
though nobody knows
if he is dead or alive.
Really?
I remember the monk said
he died in the ocean or whatnot.
As a matter of fact, Young Master
has been tossing and turning in his sleep.
He looks ill during the day,
and he screams
and talks silly during the night.
When I run over to him,
he would have broken into a cold sweat.
Goodness. You should not ignore it.
The third-generation son
of the permission tree house
got possessed by a ghost. He kept
seeing things and did not stop screaming.
He even said
he saw a grim reaper and such.
In the end,
he could not live up to his name
and became a cripple.
Gosh.
Oh, no.
But he recovered with an exorcism.
-An exorcism?
-Yes!
I heard a great shaman
named Bi-ryeong from Ojang-dong
performs an exorcism.
I should get going now.
You there.
Yes, my lord.
Bring over Bi-ryeong from Ojang-dong.
I did not call you over
because I believe in
such wicked exercise.
I simply heard
something disturbing by chance,
so I am just giving it a shot.
If he does not get better,
I will punish you all.
Understood.
And none of you
should say a word
of what is about
to happen today to anyone.
Yes, my lord.
Begin.
Taking lives as a pastime
is what made ghosts haunt you.
You have a wife ghost on each shoulder
and six maiden ghosts on your back.
Not only that,
white spirits, evil spirits,
and a six-eyed turtle
are having a party around your legs
and on top of your head.
Hey now!
How dare you talk to me like that.
Forgive me, Father.
"I did not follow your orders
and made a mistake."
She heard details
of that situation back then.
I heard everything he said from Tae-seo.
Perform exactly as you heard
in front of Park Seung.
What did I tell you, Dad?
I knew Tae-seo could not do it.
You imbecile.
Your incompetence
led to Do-soo getting his hands dirty.
Useless brat. Get out of this house!
Your Highness! Your Royal Highness!
It has been years
since we held your funeral,
so why are you still lingering?
What is holding you back
from resting in peace?
And why are you grasping
his heart like so?
What?
Shut it!
What nonsense are you spewing?
Park Seung.
The one who murdered the Crown Prince.
A traitor to this nation.
Yi-eon!
-Lord Sim.
-You were right.
His Majesty is asking for your injeolmi.
Is that so?
He says
it is the best he has ever had
and has summoned you to the palace.
-Right now?
-Yes, right now.
-Make preparations.
-Yes, my lord.
Would you like a bite?
Please hurry. We are short on time.
Hurry things along.
We will now greet the great spirit.
Your wealth and level of status
are worthless in the great spirit's eyes,
so shed the jewelry and overcoat
you have on!
Right this instant!
Dad, take it off.
Otherwise, I will die.
Dad, please.
-You...
-Pick up the pace.
Take them off.
Take off your socks.
That is what the ghost
has attached itself to.
You will anger the great spirit!
Take them off.
This instant.
Do-soo, no.
You cannot do this.
-But--
-The ritual will now begin,
so keep on bowing.
Stop bowing before I say so,
and you will pay!
But...
Oh, the Spirit.
It is true that they deserve to die,
but please accept their bows
and grant them your forgiveness.
Park Seung and Park Do-soo.
It is true that they deserve to die,
but please accept their bows
and grant them your forgiveness.
You must not stop bowing
before that is asked of you.
Oh, the Spirit.
It is true that they deserve to die,
but please...
Oh, the Spirit!
My lord!
Did you manage to retrieve the letter?
Yes, my lord. It is right here.
[Year of Byeongsul.]
[March 14, Year of Byeongsul]
[In exchange for the involvement
in the Crown Prince's case,]
[Park Seung will receive full authority
over Chungcheong Province.]
What does it say?
In exchange for poisoning
the Crown Prince,
Park Seung received full command
over Chungcheong Province...
from His Majesty.
Are you sure about this?
I may have irrefutable evidence,
but who am I to accuse
the King of this nation?
Just think of a scarecrow and a mole.
A scarecrow and a mole?
Yes. A scarecrow was placed
to chase off moles from a crop field,
but a mole that is not scared by it
fed on the seeds
and also spread disease.
What would be your solution?
I would catch that mole.
Exactly.
Rather than being a scarecrow
that does not serve a purpose,
this is the time to catch the mole.
You are right.
Park Seung will be my primary target.
Absolutely.
He will soon confess to all of his crimes,
-so be there to witness it.
-All right.
I will be back with his arrest warrant.
-My lord.
-Young Master!
Love is shooting from their eyes.
Just plant a kiss on her.
This is not the time
to gaze into her eyes.
You have been summoned by the King.
You are expected by 4 p.m. at the latest.
Of course.
-I will get going then.
-Sure.
[Gwanghwamun]
I will now proceed
with the final steps of the exorcism.
You are to confess to your crimes
for the great spirit to hear.
That is the only way
you and your son will live.
Your Majesty,
your injeolmi has arrived.
My injeolmi?
Allow it to enter.
I am Eighth Counselor Ra Yi-eon
of the Office of Special Counselors.
I come bearing
the fresh batch of injeolmi I made.
Lay it out for me to see.
Yes, Your Majesty.
[This is injeolmi with powdered beans.]
[And this is injeolmi with
powdered black sesame seeds.]
[My goodness. Is that mugwort injeolmi?]
[The aroma is making me dizzy.]
Your well-being equals
that of this nation.
It is why I added a herb
that promotes good health.
Aconite, Your Majesty.
Is there a problem?
Aconite, you say? How much did you add?
Was there aconite
in the injeolmi I had before?
Yes, Your Majesty.
I added some in that batch as well.
About one pun, to be exact.
Those are the ingredients
for the Crown Prince's decoction
recorded by his abscess specialist.
As you can see,
six don of aconite was added.
The concentration of aconite
is 60 times higher
than what is in the injeolmi.
The fact that you approved
of such a high concentration of it
must mean it is good for one's health.
It is why I see it as a great honor
to be able to serve you injeolmi
with aconite in it.
So please allow me
to present you
with aconite injeolmi every day.
With aconite?
You see...
I never
vocally approved of a decoction
of that recipe.
[March 14, Year of Byeongsul]
If you did not approve it,
then how could Park Seung have a letter
that states otherwise
stamped with your seal?
That is because...
I did not give permission.
Threatened by
the Crown Prince's brightness and wisdom,
Park Seung blackmailed me.
You were not a heartless father
who was jealous of his own son?
Your Majesty,
you are our leader and father figure.
How could the Father of the people
turn against his own son
in the face of power?
You do not fear the skies.
So why would the skies
look on you with favor?
I put my life on the line
to dare ask Your Majesty this question.
Did Your Majesty
use Park Seung as a shield?
Or did Park Seung turn you into a puppet?
If you feel any remorse
about the passing of the Crown Prince,
please give me
the right to arrest Park Seung,
so he can finally receive
the punishment he deserves,
and please also strip him of the right
to govern Ganghwa Island!
Or I could bestow you
with a grand title.
How about Chief State Councilor?
What I want
is a fair judgment.
I do not want unjust power.
Your Majesty,
I implore you to heed my sincere advice.
During my tenure
as a secret royal inspector,
I saw the people suffer
under malicious rulers.
I beg you. Please thoroughly investigate
all the ministers and officers
so that we can uphold order
and prevent corruption.
And please care for the struggling people.
Instead of treating them poorly
because they are of low birth,
hire them and make use of their talents.
Abolish all the outdated customs
that discriminate against the powerless
and oppress women and children
and give your people hope.
I will give you the right
to govern Ganghwa Island
and issue the arrest warrant
on Park Seung.
Now, you may leave.
Will you come to your senses
only after your son dies?
My father...
He had Tae-seo steal all the tributes
that were meant for the King.
Do-soo.
And to cover that up,
-he had the secret inspectors killed!
-My goodness.
-He threatened the abscess specialist
-You fool.
and made him put...
You fool, pull yourself together.
What are you doing?
He made him put aconite
in the herbal decoction
to worsen the Crown Prince's condition.
And I was the one who took
the final bowl of poison...
I was the one who took it
to the Crown Prince.
Forgive me. I am truly sorry.
Please forgive me. I was wrong.
I am so sorry. Please...
-Receive the royal command!
-What?
I am sorry.
I am truly sorry. Forgive me.
Did you all hear him confess?
-Yes, my lord!
Park Seung and Park Do-soo.
You criminals are to be tied up!
Let go of me, you fools!
How dare you lowlifes
put your hands on me!
Let go!
[We thank Jo Kwan-woo
for his special appearance.]
[Secret Royal Inspector Joy]
[You will live a life
that is worse than death.]
[He will not take office or wed.]
[Have you truly lost your mind?]
[-Found it!
-Where is it?]
[Do you think I can do a good job?]
[What is there to be afraid of
when you have me right by your side?]
[The Spirit says
you two will live happily ever after.]
[Yoo Deok-bong wishes
Kim Jo-yi all the best.]
[This will be our new home.]
[My dream was to be happy.]
[Now, I am happy.]